README.md, before:

Awesome Indonesia Repo
===============

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome/)
[![TravisCI](https://api.travis-ci.org/GitIndonesia/awesome-indonesia-repo.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/GitIndonesia/awesome-indonesia-repo)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/GitIndonesia/awesome-indonesia-repo.svg)](https://gitter.im/GitIndonesia/awesome-indonesia-repo)
[![Country](https://img.shields.io/badge/country-indonesia-blue.svg)](#)

A curated list of amazingly awesome repository created and contributed by Indonesian people.

Inspired by [sindresorhus/awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Table of Contents

- [Android](#android)
- [Books](#books)
- [Content Management System](#content-management-system)
- [Databases](#databases)
- [Framework](#framework)
- [Front-end Development](#front-end-development)
- [Game](#game)
- [GO](#go)
- [JavaScript](#javascript)
- [Jekyll Theme](#jekyll-theme)
- [Learn](#learn)
- [PHP](#php)
	- [CodeIgniter](#codeigniter)
	- [Laravel](#laravel)
	- [Slim](#slim)
	- [Symfony](#symfony)
	- [Yii](#yii)
- [Plugin](#plugin)
- [Python](#python)
- [Natural Language Processing](#natural-language-processing)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
    - [dotfiles](dotfiles.md)
- [Community](#community)


## Android

- [Android StepsView](https://github.com/anton46/Android-StepsView) - A simple progress steps view on Android.
- [WhatsApp ProfileCollapsingToolbar](https://github.com/anton46/WhatsApp-ProfileCollapsingToolbar) - An Android custom animation view that looks like WhastApp Profile screen style.
- [Ziliun React Native](https://github.com/sonnylazuardi/ziliun-react-native) - Ziliun article reader android app built with React Native.
- [React Tomato Timer](https://github.com/sonnylazuardi/react-tomato-timer) - A simple timer for a more productive way to work and study built with ReactJS.
- [Compressor](https://github.com/zetbaitsu/Compressor) - An android image compression library.
- [android-base-mvp](https://github.com/derohimat/android-base-mvp) - Android Base MVP Concept with RXJava, Dagger, Event Bus, Retrofit, Glide, OkHTTP.
- [RxDownloader](https://github.com/esafirm/RxDownloader) - An Rx wrapper for Download Manager in Android.
- [ImageEffectFilter](https://github.com/mnafian/ImageEffectFilter) - Android image filter processing sample using layer drawable and effect factory android.
- [React Native Credit Card](https://github.com/sonnylazuardi/react-native-credit-card) - React native credit card display component.
- [Android Color Picker](https://github.com/yukuku/ambilwarna) - To customize the color of some background, text, or maybe for a painting application where the user can select different colors for painting or filling.
- [ImagePicker](https://github.com/esafirm/android-image-picker) - A configureable library to select image from gallery and camera without the hassle.
- [CafeBar](https://github.com/danimahardhika/cafebar) - An upgraded Snackbar for Android that provides more options and easy to use.
- [CandyBar](https://github.com/danimahardhika/candybar-library) - Android icon pack dashboard library.
- [WallpaperBoard](https://github.com/danimahardhika/wallpaperboard) - Android wallpaper dashboard library.

## Books

- [Free Programming Books Indonesia](https://github.com/vhf/free-programming-books/blob/master/free-programming-books-id.md) - Freely available programming books with Indonesia Language.
- [Buku Git](https://github.com/endymuhardin/buku-git) - Buku Version Control menggunakan Git.
- [E-Library MDC](https://github.com/MuhammadiyahDeveloperClub/E-Library) - E-Library yang berisi kumpulan E-Book tentang dunia IT.


## Content Management System

- [Lentera](https://github.com/laravel-indonesia/lentera) - Learning Management from Nusantara.
- [Pusaka CMS](https://github.com/codepolitanlab/pusakacms) - File-based CMS build with CodeIgniter Framework.
- [Elybin CMS](https://github.com/elybin/ElybinCMS) - Sistem manajemen konten gratis yang berfokus kepada kegunaan, kecepatan, dan kemudahan.
- [Fiyo CMS](https://github.com/FiyoCMS/FiyoCMS) - CMS Open Source with Easy Design, Fast Load, and SEO Friendly.
- [Wayang CMS](https://github.com/Wayang-CMS/WayangCMS) - Wayang CMS is Open Source CMS made in Indonesia.
- [HTMLy](https://github.com/danpros/htmly) - HTMLy is an Databaseless or Flat-File Blogging Platform prioritizes simplicity and speed written in PHP.
- [PopojiCMS](https://github.com/PopojiCMS/PopojiCMS) - Buat Sendiri Rasa Webmu.


## Databases

- [Wilayah Administratif Indonesia](https://github.com/edwardsamuel/Wilayah-Administratif-Indonesia) - Data Provinsi, Kota/Kabupaten, Kecamatan, dan Kelurahan/Desa di Indonesia.


## Framework

- [Panada](https://github.com/panada/Panada) - High performance PHP development framework, yet simple.
- [Puko](https://github.com/Velliz/puko) - MVC Framework for quick and fast PHP Application Development.
- [IGOS Nusantara Software Development Kit](https://github.com/ignsdk/ignsdk-qt) - A software development kit designed specifically for application developers in IGOS Nusantara.
- [EmeraldBox](https://github.com/femmerling/EmeraldBox) - EmeraldBox is a boilerplate framework for developing python web applications with database access.


## Front-end Development

- [Bootstrap Markdown](https://github.com/toopay/bootstrap-markdown) - Bootstrap plugin for markdown editing.
- [Marka](https://github.com/fians/marka) - Beautiful transformable icons built for the web.
- [Waves](https://github.com/fians/Waves) - Click effect inspired by Google's Material Design.
- [React Komik](https://github.com/sonnylazuardi/react-komik) - ReactJS based comic strip creator using fabric.js canvas rendering.


## Game

- [Word Chain](https://github.com/sonnylazuardi/wordchain) - Multiplayer word chaining game using AngularJS and firebase.
- [KatanyaGomoku](https://github.com/mgilangjanuar/KatanyaGomoku) - Modification Game of Tic Tac Toe using Java Languange


## Go

- [unzipall](https://github.com/gedex/unzipall) - Unzip all zip files in src directory to dst directory.
- [Inflector](https://github.com/gedex/inflector) - Inflector pluralizes and singularizes English nouns.


## JavaScript

- [PhantomJS](https://github.com/ariya/phantomjs) - Scriptable Headless WebKit.
- [jQuery Calx](https://github.com/xsanisty/jquery-calx) - jQuery plugin for creating formula-based calculation.
- [JVFloat.js](https://github.com/maman/JVFloat.js) - jQuery / Zepto plugin to emulate Matt D. Smith's floating placeholder text.
- [Meteoris2](https://github.com/radiegtya/meteoris2) - Realtime Javascript Boilerplate base on MeteorJS Framework.
- [SimpleExcel.js](https://github.com/faisalman/simple-excel-js) - Client-side script to easily parse / convert / write any Microsoft Excel.
- [UAParser.js](https://github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js) - Lightweight JavaScript-based User-Agent string parser.
- [Express4 Bootstrap Starter](https://github.com/aredo/express4-bootstrap-starter) - Lightweight Bootstrap NodeJS Apps Build Using ExpressJS 4.
- [jQuery Awesome Sosmed Share Button](https://github.com/bachors/jQuery-Awesome-Sosmed-Share-Button) - Awesome social media button with share count.
- [Kinetic](https://github.com/ariya/kinetic) - Kinetic Scrolling with JavaScript.
- [Esprima](https://github.com/jquery/esprima) - ECMAScript parsing infrastructure for multipurpose analysis.
- [PHUNT](https://github.com/Kristories/phunt) - Product Hunt Command Line Client.
- [vuejs2 starter](https://github.com/BosNaufal/vue2-starter) - Simple Vue 2 Starter for single page application with Vuex and Vue Router.


## Jekyll Theme

- [JekMDL](https://github.com/tigefa4u/jekmdl) - Jekyll theme use Material Design Lite.
- [Mangan](https://github.com/dikiaap/mangan) - Geek theme for Jekyll.


## Learn

- [Awesome CodeIgniter](https://github.com/codeigniter-id/awesome-codeigniter) - A list of awesome CodeIgniter.
- [Belajar Git](https://github.com/endymuhardin/belajarGit) - Tutorial Git dalam Bahasa Indonesia.
- [Awesome Indonesia Repo](https://github.com/GitIndonesia/awesome-indonesia-repo) - A curated list of amazingly awesome repository created by Indonesian people.
- [Engineering Blogs](https://github.com/sumodirjo/engineering-blogs) - A curated list of engineering blog of startup and enterprise company.
- [Ruby Basic](https://github.com/xinuc/ruby_basic) - Learning material for Ruby Programming Language, written in Bahasa Indonesia.
- [NLP Bahasa Indonesia](https://github.com/sastrawi/nlp-bahasa-indonesia) - A curated list of Indonesian Natural Language Processing resources.
- [Docs vuejs id](https://github.com/vuejs-id/docs)- Dokumentasi Vue.js Bahasa Indonesia.


## PHP

- [PHP-BOOTSTRAP](https://github.com/Harazaki/PHP-BOOTSTRAP) - Simple design templates framework together with the famous bootstrap.
- [Simple PHP Excel](https://github.com/faisalman/simple-excel-php) - Easily parse / convert / write any Microsoft Excel.
- [Membership PHP Indonesia](https://github.com/phpindonesia/phpindonesia.or.id-membership2) - Membership Application for PHP Indonesia.
- [playCMS](https://github.com/antonraharja/playSMS) - Web-based Mobile Portal System that it can be made to fit to various services such as an SMS gateway.


## CodeIgniter

- [Gas ORM](https://github.com/toopay/gas-orm) - A lighweight and easy-to-use ORM for CodeIgniter.
- [SunQA](https://github.com/SunDi3yansyah/SunQA) - Simple App Question Answer like Stackoverflow.


## Laravel

- [Avatar](https://github.com/laravolt/avatar) - Plug and play avatar, turn initial name into beautiful avatar.
- [Pingpong Admin](https://github.com/pingpong-labs/admin) - Laravel 5 Admin.
- [Absis](https://github.com/smpn1smg/absis) - Sistem Akademik K13/KTSP Berbasis Web.
- [AppRocket PreProject](https://github.com/rawaludin/approcket-preproject) - Contoh aplikasi CRUD dengan Laravel 5.2.
- [Laravel Circuit Breaker](https://github.com/rymanalu/laravel-circuit-breaker) - Circuit Breaker pattern implementation in Laravel 5.
- [Laravel Simple Uploader](https://github.com/rymanalu/laravel-simple-uploader) - Simple file uploader for Laravel 5.
- [Laravel 5 Model Factory Generator](https://github.com/rymanalu/factory-generator) - Generate a new model factory using Artisan command.


## Slim

- [Slim Starter](https://github.com/xsanisty/SlimStarter) - Starter Application built on Slim Framework in MVC (and HMVC) environment.
- [Boilerplate Slim 3](https://github.com/zhiephie/boilerplate-slim3) - Boilerplate for getting started with Slim Framework.


## Symfony

- [Symfonian Indonesia AdminBundle](https://github.com/SymfonyId/AdminBundle) - Admin Bundle with Symfony Framework.


## Yii

- [Yii2 Admin](https://github.com/mdmsoft/yii2-admin) - Auth manager for Yii2 (RBAC Manager).


## Plugin

- [WP Slack](https://github.com/gedex/wp-slack) - This plugin allows you to send notifications to Slack channels when certain events in WordPress occur.


## Python

- [WordGraph](https://github.com/tistaharahap/WordGraph) - Weighting word frequency graph


## Natural Language Processing

- [Sastrawi](https://github.com/sastrawi/sastrawi) - High quality stemmer library for Indonesian Language.


## Miscellaneous

- [Mac OSX Lion Theme](https://github.com/SunDi3yansyah/mac-osx-lion-theme) - (Web) Static site theme with Mac OSX Lion style.
- [Indonesian AdBlock Rules](https://github.com/ABPindo/indonesianadblockrules) - Compiled ABP rules to block various ads in Indonesian based site.
- [Minimalist](https://github.com/dikiaap/minimalist) - A Material Colorscheme Darker for Vim.


## Community

- [Komunitas Git Indonesia](https://github.com/GitIndonesia)
- [PHP Indonesia](https://github.com/phpindonesia)
- [CodeIgniter Indonesia](https://github.com/codeigniter-id)
- [Laravel Indonesia](https://github.com/laravel-indonesia)
- [Id-Laravel](https://github.com/id-laravel)
- [Symfonian Indonesia](https://github.com/SymfonyId)
- [Komunitas Pengguna Go Indonesia](https://github.com/golang-id)
- [Python Indonesia](https://github.com/id-python)
- [Jakarta JavaScript User Group](https://github.com/jakartajs)
- [Bali JavaScript Community](https://github.com/balijs)
- [React JS Indonesia](https://github.com/reactjs-id)
- [Nginx Indonesia](https://github.com/NginxID)
- [Asosiasi Programmer Indonesia](https://github.com/aprogsi)
- [Django Indonesia](https://github.com/django-id)
- [Haskell Indonesia](https://github.com/haskell-id)
- [Indonesian Ruby Community](https://github.com/id-ruby)


## License

![Creative Commons License](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by/4.0/88x31.png)

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

Commit message:

Add a description for what this repository is

README.md, after:

Awesome Indonesia Repo
===============

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome/)
[![TravisCI](https://api.travis-ci.org/GitIndonesia/awesome-indonesia-repo.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/GitIndonesia/awesome-indonesia-repo)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/GitIndonesia/awesome-indonesia-repo.svg)](https://gitter.im/GitIndonesia/awesome-indonesia-repo)
[![Country](https://img.shields.io/badge/country-indonesia-blue.svg)](#)

A curated list of amazingly awesome repository created and contributed by Indonesian people.<br>
It aims to inspire what has been made by Indonesian people and hopefully can give you encouragement to contribute in Open-source software.

Inspired by [sindresorhus/awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Table of Contents

- [Android](#android)
- [Books](#books)
- [Content Management System](#content-management-system)
- [Databases](#databases)
- [Framework](#framework)
- [Front-end Development](#front-end-development)
- [Game](#game)
- [GO](#go)
- [JavaScript](#javascript)
- [Jekyll Theme](#jekyll-theme)
- [Learn](#learn)
- [PHP](#php)
	- [CodeIgniter](#codeigniter)
	- [Laravel](#laravel)
	- [Slim](#slim)
	- [Symfony](#symfony)
	- [Yii](#yii)
- [Plugin](#plugin)
- [Python](#python)
- [Natural Language Processing](#natural-language-processing)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
    - [dotfiles](dotfiles.md)
- [Community](#community)


## Android

- [Android StepsView](https://github.com/anton46/Android-StepsView) - A simple progress steps view on Android.
- [WhatsApp ProfileCollapsingToolbar](https://github.com/anton46/WhatsApp-ProfileCollapsingToolbar) - An Android custom animation view that looks like WhastApp Profile screen style.
- [Ziliun React Native](https://github.com/sonnylazuardi/ziliun-react-native) - Ziliun article reader android app built with React Native.
- [React Tomato Timer](https://github.com/sonnylazuardi/react-tomato-timer) - A simple timer for a more productive way to work and study built with ReactJS.
- [Compressor](https://github.com/zetbaitsu/Compressor) - An android image compression library.
- [android-base-mvp](https://github.com/derohimat/android-base-mvp) - Android Base MVP Concept with RXJava, Dagger, Event Bus, Retrofit, Glide, OkHTTP.
- [RxDownloader](https://github.com/esafirm/RxDownloader) - An Rx wrapper for Download Manager in Android.
- [ImageEffectFilter](https://github.com/mnafian/ImageEffectFilter) - Android image filter processing sample using layer drawable and effect factory android.
- [React Native Credit Card](https://github.com/sonnylazuardi/react-native-credit-card) - React native credit card display component.
- [Android Color Picker](https://github.com/yukuku/ambilwarna) - To customize the color of some background, text, or maybe for a painting application where the user can select different colors for painting or filling.
- [ImagePicker](https://github.com/esafirm/android-image-picker) - A configureable library to select image from gallery and camera without the hassle.
- [CafeBar](https://github.com/danimahardhika/cafebar) - An upgraded Snackbar for Android that provides more options and easy to use.
- [CandyBar](https://github.com/danimahardhika/candybar-library) - Android icon pack dashboard library.
- [WallpaperBoard](https://github.com/danimahardhika/wallpaperboard) - Android wallpaper dashboard library.

## Books

- [Free Programming Books Indonesia](https://github.com/vhf/free-programming-books/blob/master/free-programming-books-id.md) - Freely available programming books with Indonesia Language.
- [Buku Git](https://github.com/endymuhardin/buku-git) - Buku Version Control menggunakan Git.
- [E-Library MDC](https://github.com/MuhammadiyahDeveloperClub/E-Library) - E-Library yang berisi kumpulan E-Book tentang dunia IT.


## Content Management System

- [Lentera](https://github.com/laravel-indonesia/lentera) - Learning Management from Nusantara.
- [Pusaka CMS](https://github.com/codepolitanlab/pusakacms) - File-based CMS build with CodeIgniter Framework.
- [Elybin CMS](https://github.com/elybin/ElybinCMS) - Sistem manajemen konten gratis yang berfokus kepada kegunaan, kecepatan, dan kemudahan.
- [Fiyo CMS](https://github.com/FiyoCMS/FiyoCMS) - CMS Open Source with Easy Design, Fast Load, and SEO Friendly.
- [Wayang CMS](https://github.com/Wayang-CMS/WayangCMS) - Wayang CMS is Open Source CMS made in Indonesia.
- [HTMLy](https://github.com/danpros/htmly) - HTMLy is an Databaseless or Flat-File Blogging Platform prioritizes simplicity and speed written in PHP.
- [PopojiCMS](https://github.com/PopojiCMS/PopojiCMS) - Buat Sendiri Rasa Webmu.


## Databases

- [Wilayah Administratif Indonesia](https://github.com/edwardsamuel/Wilayah-Administratif-Indonesia) - Data Provinsi, Kota/Kabupaten, Kecamatan, dan Kelurahan/Desa di Indonesia.


## Framework

- [Panada](https://github.com/panada/Panada) - High performance PHP development framework, yet simple.
- [Puko](https://github.com/Velliz/puko) - MVC Framework for quick and fast PHP Application Development.
- [IGOS Nusantara Software Development Kit](https://github.com/ignsdk/ignsdk-qt) - A software development kit designed specifically for application developers in IGOS Nusantara.
- [EmeraldBox](https://github.com/femmerling/EmeraldBox) - EmeraldBox is a boilerplate framework for developing python web applications with database access.


## Front-end Development

- [Bootstrap Markdown](https://github.com/toopay/bootstrap-markdown) - Bootstrap plugin for markdown editing.
- [Marka](https://github.com/fians/marka) - Beautiful transformable icons built for the web.
- [Waves](https://github.com/fians/Waves) - Click effect inspired by Google's Material Design.
- [React Komik](https://github.com/sonnylazuardi/react-komik) - ReactJS based comic strip creator using fabric.js canvas rendering.


## Game

- [Word Chain](https://github.com/sonnylazuardi/wordchain) - Multiplayer word chaining game using AngularJS and firebase.
- [KatanyaGomoku](https://github.com/mgilangjanuar/KatanyaGomoku) - Modification Game of Tic Tac Toe using Java Languange


## Go

- [unzipall](https://github.com/gedex/unzipall) - Unzip all zip files in src directory to dst directory.
- [Inflector](https://github.com/gedex/inflector) - Inflector pluralizes and singularizes English nouns.


## JavaScript

- [PhantomJS](https://github.com/ariya/phantomjs) - Scriptable Headless WebKit.
- [jQuery Calx](https://github.com/xsanisty/jquery-calx) - jQuery plugin for creating formula-based calculation.
- [JVFloat.js](https://github.com/maman/JVFloat.js) - jQuery / Zepto plugin to emulate Matt D. Smith's floating placeholder text.
- [Meteoris2](https://github.com/radiegtya/meteoris2) - Realtime Javascript Boilerplate base on MeteorJS Framework.
- [SimpleExcel.js](https://github.com/faisalman/simple-excel-js) - Client-side script to easily parse / convert / write any Microsoft Excel.
- [UAParser.js](https://github.com/faisalman/ua-parser-js) - Lightweight JavaScript-based User-Agent string parser.
- [Express4 Bootstrap Starter](https://github.com/aredo/express4-bootstrap-starter) - Lightweight Bootstrap NodeJS Apps Build Using ExpressJS 4.
- [jQuery Awesome Sosmed Share Button](https://github.com/bachors/jQuery-Awesome-Sosmed-Share-Button) - Awesome social media button with share count.
- [Kinetic](https://github.com/ariya/kinetic) - Kinetic Scrolling with JavaScript.
- [Esprima](https://github.com/jquery/esprima) - ECMAScript parsing infrastructure for multipurpose analysis.
- [PHUNT](https://github.com/Kristories/phunt) - Product Hunt Command Line Client.
- [vuejs2 starter](https://github.com/BosNaufal/vue2-starter) - Simple Vue 2 Starter for single page application with Vuex and Vue Router.


## Jekyll Theme

- [JekMDL](https://github.com/tigefa4u/jekmdl) - Jekyll theme use Material Design Lite.
- [Mangan](https://github.com/dikiaap/mangan) - Geek theme for Jekyll.


## Learn

- [Awesome CodeIgniter](https://github.com/codeigniter-id/awesome-codeigniter) - A list of awesome CodeIgniter.
- [Belajar Git](https://github.com/endymuhardin/belajarGit) - Tutorial Git dalam Bahasa Indonesia.
- [Awesome Indonesia Repo](https://github.com/GitIndonesia/awesome-indonesia-repo) - A curated list of amazingly awesome repository created by Indonesian people.
- [Engineering Blogs](https://github.com/sumodirjo/engineering-blogs) - A curated list of engineering blog of startup and enterprise company.
- [Ruby Basic](https://github.com/xinuc/ruby_basic) - Learning material for Ruby Programming Language, written in Bahasa Indonesia.
- [NLP Bahasa Indonesia](https://github.com/sastrawi/nlp-bahasa-indonesia) - A curated list of Indonesian Natural Language Processing resources.
- [Docs vuejs id](https://github.com/vuejs-id/docs)- Dokumentasi Vue.js Bahasa Indonesia.


## PHP

- [PHP-BOOTSTRAP](https://github.com/Harazaki/PHP-BOOTSTRAP) - Simple design templates framework together with the famous bootstrap.
- [Simple PHP Excel](https://github.com/faisalman/simple-excel-php) - Easily parse / convert / write any Microsoft Excel.
- [Membership PHP Indonesia](https://github.com/phpindonesia/phpindonesia.or.id-membership2) - Membership Application for PHP Indonesia.
- [playCMS](https://github.com/antonraharja/playSMS) - Web-based Mobile Portal System that it can be made to fit to various services such as an SMS gateway.


## CodeIgniter

- [Gas ORM](https://github.com/toopay/gas-orm) - A lighweight and easy-to-use ORM for CodeIgniter.
- [SunQA](https://github.com/SunDi3yansyah/SunQA) - Simple App Question Answer like Stackoverflow.


## Laravel

- [Avatar](https://github.com/laravolt/avatar) - Plug and play avatar, turn initial name into beautiful avatar.
- [Pingpong Admin](https://github.com/pingpong-labs/admin) - Laravel 5 Admin.
- [Absis](https://github.com/smpn1smg/absis) - Sistem Akademik K13/KTSP Berbasis Web.
- [AppRocket PreProject](https://github.com/rawaludin/approcket-preproject) - Contoh aplikasi CRUD dengan Laravel 5.2.
- [Laravel Circuit Breaker](https://github.com/rymanalu/laravel-circuit-breaker) - Circuit Breaker pattern implementation in Laravel 5.
- [Laravel Simple Uploader](https://github.com/rymanalu/laravel-simple-uploader) - Simple file uploader for Laravel 5.
- [Laravel 5 Model Factory Generator](https://github.com/rymanalu/factory-generator) - Generate a new model factory using Artisan command.


## Slim

- [Slim Starter](https://github.com/xsanisty/SlimStarter) - Starter Application built on Slim Framework in MVC (and HMVC) environment.
- [Boilerplate Slim 3](https://github.com/zhiephie/boilerplate-slim3) - Boilerplate for getting started with Slim Framework.


## Symfony

- [Symfonian Indonesia AdminBundle](https://github.com/SymfonyId/AdminBundle) - Admin Bundle with Symfony Framework.


## Yii

- [Yii2 Admin](https://github.com/mdmsoft/yii2-admin) - Auth manager for Yii2 (RBAC Manager).


## Plugin

- [WP Slack](https://github.com/gedex/wp-slack) - This plugin allows you to send notifications to Slack channels when certain events in WordPress occur.


## Python

- [WordGraph](https://github.com/tistaharahap/WordGraph) - Weighting word frequency graph


## Natural Language Processing

- [Sastrawi](https://github.com/sastrawi/sastrawi) - High quality stemmer library for Indonesian Language.


## Miscellaneous

- [Mac OSX Lion Theme](https://github.com/SunDi3yansyah/mac-osx-lion-theme) - (Web) Static site theme with Mac OSX Lion style.
- [Indonesian AdBlock Rules](https://github.com/ABPindo/indonesianadblockrules) - Compiled ABP rules to block various ads in Indonesian based site.
- [Minimalist](https://github.com/dikiaap/minimalist) - A Material Colorscheme Darker for Vim.


## Community

- [Komunitas Git Indonesia](https://github.com/GitIndonesia)
- [PHP Indonesia](https://github.com/phpindonesia)
- [CodeIgniter Indonesia](https://github.com/codeigniter-id)
- [Laravel Indonesia](https://github.com/laravel-indonesia)
- [Id-Laravel](https://github.com/id-laravel)
- [Symfonian Indonesia](https://github.com/SymfonyId)
- [Komunitas Pengguna Go Indonesia](https://github.com/golang-id)
- [Python Indonesia](https://github.com/id-python)
- [Jakarta JavaScript User Group](https://github.com/jakartajs)
- [Bali JavaScript Community](https://github.com/balijs)
- [React JS Indonesia](https://github.com/reactjs-id)
- [Nginx Indonesia](https://github.com/NginxID)
- [Asosiasi Programmer Indonesia](https://github.com/aprogsi)
- [Django Indonesia](https://github.com/django-id)
- [Haskell Indonesia](https://github.com/haskell-id)
- [Indonesian Ruby Community](https://github.com/id-ruby)


## License

![Creative Commons License](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by/4.0/88x31.png)

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
